each day can cause lots of emotions, depending on like what you were doing
for that day. Let's say someone made you very, very mad and your
super angry and you're punching walls, right? Uh, things can just
be blurted out. Um, it's not my call Thio determine whether they're
just blurting something out or if it's the, uh, combination of a long
history off something that's been on this person's mind that I just
haven't been aware off. It's not my call. As soon as they say, um,
I'm thinking about committing suicide. Uh, all of the my thoughts just
go off off off until you get to the switch that says, Hey, you know
what? Tell somebody about it. That one goes on and then you direct
them straight to the to the expert. I'm not an expert